# DIGC158-NewsGame
## A game that deals with recycling and its importance for the sustainability of the Earth.
 Ever since the population has continued to grow, there has also been a drastic increase in pollution across the world. Whether it be on land or in the oceans, this pollution has been killing thousands of animals worldwide and has continued to harm the earth in a way that is almost irreversible. The top 3 types of pollution that have the greatest impact on the world are landfills, hazardous waste, and deforestation. Landfills are areas that are used in order to store an individual’s waste in order for it to later be ready to decompose. The problem with this method is that the average household wastes about 4 pounds every time the garbage truck comes around. Although not all of it ends up in the landfills, a whopping 55% of it does. At the rate that we dispose of waste from household to household, the landfills are not able to keep up with this, in regards to allowing for the previous waste to decompose. This causes them to fill up at alarming rates and forces these companies to then have to buy more land just to continue to throw garbage into them until they fill up also. The concept of recycling is very important because of the idea that we all live on the same planet and if we do not take care of it, it will eventually begin to die and we will no longer be able to have safe and healthy lives. Although, this would take thousands of years to destroy the earth to the point where it is uninhabitable, it is still best if we start as early as we can and begin cleaning up our planet.
 
 The idea of this game is to control a garbage truck with your mouse and try to pick up as many dots on the screen, which will represent garbage that is on the earth, before the timer runs out. However, more and more balls will appear at a very fast rate, so you need to try and pick up all of the garbage before new waste appears in the screen. (HINT: You cant win…)
